.TH AGENT-TTY 1 "June 2026" "agent-tty 0.1.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
agent-tty \- persistent TTY for AI agents, shared live terminal for humans
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B k new
.I session
.RI [ cmd... ]
.RI [ --prompt=x ]
.br
.B k fire
.RI [ -t
.IR N ]
.RI [ session ]
.I code
.br
.B k poll
.RI [ session ]
.RI [ cell_id ]
.br
.B k run
.RI [ -j ]
.RI [ -t
.IR N ]
.RI [ session ]
.I code
.br
.B k await
.I ...
.br
.B k notify
.RI [ session ]
.I message
.br
.B k int
.RI [ session ]
.br
.B k kill
.I session
.br
.B k ls
.br
.B k status
.RI [ session ]
.br
.B k watch
.RI [ session ]
.br
.B k history
.RI [ -n
.IR N ]
.RI [ session ]
.br
.B km
.I session
.RI [ cell_id ]
.RI [ -1 ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B agent-tty
gives your AI agent a real tmux TTY that persists across turns. Variables,
imports, cwd, environment, sockets, debugger state, servers, and REPL memory
survive between cells. You watch the same terminal live.
.PP
.B k
is the short agent-facing command. The agent sends code to the persistent TTY,
records a cell id, and gets JSON back. The installed package also provides the
.B agent-tty
entry point.
.PP
.B km
is the companion event monitor. It streams JSON events from the session log.
Use
.B km -1
as a one-shot callback-style wait for long-running cells. Use
.B k poll
as a simple fallback for scripts or agent runtimes without monitor/interrupt
support.
.PP
You watch the same live TTY with
.B k watch
or take over with
.B tmux attach .
.B k watch
is the filtered view with cell markers and completion ticks; tmux attach is
the native raw terminal.
.SH REQUIREMENTS
Requires POSIX, Python 3.10+, tmux 3.0+, tail, and POSIX signals. Native
Windows fails fast. Use WSL, Linux, or macOS.
.SH INSTALL
Install with
.BR "pip install agent-tty" .
.PP
To refresh stale
.B k
or
.B km
entry points, reinstall in the same shell environment that will run them:
.PP
.B python -m pip install --upgrade --force-reinstall agent-tty
.PP
Then run
.B k --version
,
.B km --version
, 
.B agent-tty --version
, and
.B python -m agent_tty --version
and inspect the resolved command with
.B command -v k
or
.B where.exe k
on PowerShell.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B k new SESSION [CMD...] [--prompt=x]
Create a tmux session. Without CMD, starts bash. A prompt containing a path separator
enables hook mode; the hook path is canonicalised at creation time.
.TP
.B k fire [-t N] [SESSION] CODE
Send CODE asynchronously. Returns
.BR {"cell_id":"...","status":"fired"} .
.TP
.B k poll [SESSION] [CELL_ID]
Poll a cell result. Results may be
.BR running ,
.BR done ,
.BR timeout ,
or
.BR error .
.TP
.B k run [-j] [-t N] [SESSION] CODE
Send CODE and wait synchronously. With
.B -j
prints JSON.
.TP
.B k await
Alias for
.BR "k run" .
.TP
.B k notify [SESSION] MESSAGE
Append a notify event to the session log.
.TP
.B k int [SESSION]
Send Ctrl-C, terminate any background watcher, write an interrupted result for
the active cell so a later
.B k poll
can consume it, and release the lock when safe. Stdout is
.B OK
or an
.B ERR
line, not JSON.
.TP
.B k kill SESSION
Kill the tmux session and remove agent-tty state for the session.
.TP
.B k ls
List known tmux sessions.
.TP
.B k status [SESSION]
Report session health, repair the log pipe if needed, and print the next useful command.
.TP
.B k watch [SESSION]
Watch a live filtered terminal view.
.TP
.B k history [-n N] [SESSION]
Print recent filtered history. Default is 5 history windows.
.TP
.B k --version
Print the agent-tty version without requiring tmux or tail. Aliases:
.B k -V
and
.BR "k version" .
.TP
.B km SESSION [CELL_ID] [-1]
Stream JSON events. With
.B -1
exit after the first matching completion.
.TP
.B km --version
Print the agent-tty version without requiring tmux or tail. Aliases:
.B km -V
and
.BR "km version" .
.SH JSON
.SS k outputs
.nf
fired:       {"cell_id": "...", "status": "fired"}
running:     {"cell_id": "...", "status": "running"}
done:        {"cell_id": "...", "status": "done", "output": "..."}
timeout:     {"cell_id": "...", "status": "timeout", "output": ""}
timeout(2+): {"cell_id": "...", "status": "timeout", "output": "use k int or k kill"}
interrupted: {"cell_id": "...", "status": "error", "output": "interrupted"}
error:       {"status": "error", "output": "..."}
cell error:  {"cell_id": "...", "status": "error", "output": "..."}
.fi
.PP
JSON errors without cell_id: no session 'x'; use k new x bash, active cell 'x', pipe failed, send failed, no active cell on 'x', invalid cell_id.
.br
JSON errors with cell_id: interrupted, unknown cell, watcher died, result missing, lock update failed; use k int or k kill, lock release failed, interrupt failed; use k kill.
.br
Text-only errors: no session found; use k ls or k new <session> bash, no log for 'x'; use k status x, watcher kill failed; use k kill.
.SS km events
.nf
fired:       {"cell_id": "...", "session": "...", "status": "fired",       "ts": "..."}
done:        {"cell_id": "...", "session": "...", "status": "done",        "ts": "..."}
timeout:     {"cell_id": "...", "session": "...", "status": "timeout",     "ts": "..."}
interrupted: {"cell_id": "...", "session": "...", "status": "interrupted", "ts": "..."}
notify:      {"session": "...", "status": "notify", "from": "...", "message": "...", "ts": "..."}
closed:      {"session": "...", "status": "closed", "ts": "..."}
error:       {"session": "...", "status": "error",  "message": "...", "ts": "..."}
.fi
.SH TIMEOUTS
Timeout does not release the lock because the REPL command may still be
running. Use
.B k int
or
.B k kill
to recover. Subsequent polls return
.BR "use k int or k kill" .
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR tmux (1),
.BR python (1)
